In this lecture, we're going to start amended upon file to download and install the dependencies that
we need in order to build our framework.
If I open up the file, you'll see that there is a default dependency.
What he listed.
And there's also a number of plugins.
So I need to download and install the Selenium Java dependency test thingy and Apache Commons, which
we use for screenshots into my pong file.
So I'm going to open up Chrome and I'm going to search for maven repository and the website returns
should be MVA and repository dot com.
And this is where I can search dependencies.
So the first one I'm going to look for is Selenium Java.
And the one that I need is selenium java from org selenium HQ Selenium.
So if I select it, you'll see all the available versions.
So this course has been designed to use Selenium Java version free.
So although there is version four listed here, you'll see that it's currently in a beta state, which
means it hasn't been officially fully released.
So in the future, when Selenium Java version four is available, I plan to add a new section to this
course to go over the key differences.
So I am going to select the latest version free, which is free point one for 1.59.
And then going to look at the MAVEN tab and I'm going to copy its dependency.
I'm going to go to my clips and in my home file and we've inside these dependencies tags.
I am going to paste that dependency that I've just copied.
And if I hit control shift and f on my keyboard, it will reformat my code as well.
So the next dependency that I'm going to get is test then.
G So I'm going to go back to my VM repository and I'm going to search for test, then G.
So I need one from all that test n g, which is this top one.
And the latest version available is 7.40.
So I'm going to select it, copy the MAVEN dependency and then go back to my POM file and paste it.
And again, control shift f three for my code.
So define what dependency I need is the Apache comments.
So again, back to the NBA Repository website and I'm going to search for Apache Commons.
And one not only is this one, which is Apache Commons I.
And if I select it.
I'm going to simply take the latest version, which is 2.8.0.
I'm just going to place that underneath flights.
So.
So those are the three dependencies that we need.
And the other thing that we do need is a sure fire plug in.
But you'll see as part of a may maven project creation that a sure fire plug in is already provided.
So the difference I'm going to do with this is I'm going to pointed to a test g file.
So I hadn't created that test g file as of yet in my life project one.
But it's something that I will do soon.
So while I'm here, I am going to configure the short fire plugin to point to a test energy file, which
I will create in the future.
So under the version tags, I am going to add a configuration tag.
And then inside those configuration tags, I am going to add a suite.
X.
M l.
Files like so.
And in science, those those sweet, small files.
I'm going to add new tags, sweet smell file and weave inside those tags.
I'm going to add taste.
Energy.
Don't smell like so.
So that is the sure fire plug in prepared for when I do create the test in g file.
So that is my at home file now complete.
So I am going to select file and save.
And in the bottom right hand corner you can see those dependencies are being downloaded in my project.
So that is the POM file now configured.
And in the next lecture will begin create in the properties file to store global variables.
Thanks for watching.